# Tekgem Interview Exercise
This program was written by Micah Clarke for a Tekgem job application as a junior software engineer, in accordance to the [speficiation](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1xfaymCunWYnvhgU1hYUUQKicLTS9lcpf/view?usp=sharing). For this, I wanted to explore and experiment with high-performance data structures. Combining knowledge gained through university and my own intuition. I wanted to experiment and learn some new skills, putting design patterns and my fascination with data structures to good use. This is an honest approach that shows my love for programming, skills, and interest in exploring and experimenting with new ideas.

## City Tree
The ***City Tree*** forms the heart of the project. Formed using a collection of Sorted Dictionaries, by breaking up input data into a collection of characters and storing them into nested dictionaries. This forms a strong data structure, that will be used later for quick data validation, retrieval, and ease of access. This data structure creates a set of data, with no duplicates. The recursive nature of the code's structure makes it extremely easy to maintain.

## Weaknesses/Improvements/Considerations
Immediately, I considered a database to merge the the C# with a SQL database back-end. This would ensure a high performance, however for this project I wanted to keep all the code native without introducing an external database structure. I wanted to experiment and implement a new data structure I've not created thus far, the tree. Inspired by structures like the *binary tree* I wanted to utilize a similar structure but for string/character data. Though ultimately the final product doesn't represent the initial influence so much.

Memory considerations must also be made, while the application can easily handle lots of data entries. On computers with limited RAM, storing too many could cause performance issues or crashing. As a result of all data being held directly in memory, the use of a third-party SQL database or paging could aleviate some of these issues.
